The romance of paying it forward is as simple as that.
Wait a few more years.
Be sure to guess what's inside
Honey.
This.
I have prepared for you villa number 999 of sweet ice products.
As a wedding gift.
Do you want to go see it later?
Surely you will like it.
Sweet ice number 999
Sweet ice a product
Numbers 9-99 are better.
Okay, dad, I'll wait for you.
Boasting again
Bang Thien Nhat San's luxurious house costs at least one hundred million
More so are the top ones like 666 and 999.
That value is 10 times normal.
So how can you not buy it?
He made friends again.
999, that's right.
Oh, who is this?
Surely you haven't spent the entire family?
Money can be exchanged.
The one-day experience card has expired.
Now beaten back to its original form.
Ferry come here and fix my house.
Since when is my house your house?